9/11/24
		In Class work – week 2
Discussion 1
1.	Transparency: Through public availability of source code we are able to eliminate doubts regarding the capability as well as the security of our product and gain the trust of the users.
2.	The power of community: Thus, gathering the views of the development community will help us to enhance the quality of our product and elicit the support of users.
3.	Fostering innovation: Open source fosters the emergence of new concepts and developments hence enhancing the competitive capabilities of a firm.
Limitations of Open Source
1.	Assurance of quality: It is important to note that open source software is different from commercial ones in terms of quality and their level of support.
2.	Security Risk: Source code that is on publishing can be inspected through attackers this may pose a threat to security.
3.	Intellectual property protection: The open source of core technology helps in making it hard for a firm to position it self with respect to competitors.
4.	There is such spectrum of factors which affect a company’s credibility in the IT market besides open source.
5.	Product Quality: Importantly, it is valued to offer a good quality product and to satisfy the customers’ needs and demands.
6.	Customer service: Attention to the customers and a quick response improves their morale and standards of a certain organization.
7.	Security: Employing data protection and privacy will guarantee confidence amongst the users.
8.	Ethical business: The commitment to social and environmental issues enhances the image of the company and therefore results to its growth in the long run.
9.	Transparency: Transparency of information concerning corporate undertakings as well as increased interaction with individuals interested in the firm’s functioning will cause trust.
10.	Culture: Therefore, being a socially responsible company, paying much attention to such issues as diversity and inclusion as well as building a positive working environment for employees can help to develop the level of trust in our organization.
	I would like to show my library case.
However, in show off many items are not let accessible to the public even if I wanted to.
There are two reasons for this problem: such as budget constraints and lack of enough staff members.
First of, the budget is announced every year, so the budget that is set aside for Japan only, for the over 180 languages in the Asian Division is paltry. Hence, only a few, which are most suitable for use are publicized. Moreover it requires a substantial time to disseminate the information available. It also can take 2-3 years from the time the Asian Division has been requested to make a decision to the time of release and each and every detail is spotted to see whether there is any legal implications that may lead to regrets in future.
Besides, one can enhance on the fact that a problem of having a small number of people managing a collection that has 1. 2 million of volumes, and such process cannot be provided to them.



Discussion question 2
Diversity, equity, creativity, and ethics
Recruitment Hiring Mismatches: Many times, people question whether they really meet the application's requirements.
For example, there are many instances where a terrific elderly person is hired even though the job description requires someone who can carry 50 pounds of heavyweight.



Discussion 3 
I work with an AI design app called Midnight Journey, and if I don't make my request very specific, the AI will likely come up with something quite clichéd. 
For instance, if I tell it to draw a Japanese, it will respond with a woman with black hair dressed in a kimono. Furthermore, the woman will not be a modern woman but an oiran or a Japanese courtesan of the tram period. Most of the time, men are absent (they are almost never depicted on screen). 
It was also rather shocking that when I asked Multi-poo what kind of dog I have using an iPhone's picture, it gave me a different dog ,or that when I queried it with a picture taken within the White House about Thomas Jefferson, I get an unknown and a completely incomprehensible person. 
This neat framework should done by the engineer or the engineering team while the part that defines it, belongs to the same individual or team.


Discussion 4
As mentioned in Discussion 3, if AI does not enter the details, it is likely that good candidates will be turned away because they will think that disabled people cannot do the job like able-bodied people, so it is necessary to determine the algorithm in great detail.
For example, data on the criteria for hiring should be collected and analyzed.
When AI draws a picture, it knows that it cannot imagine like a human being, so it needs to be more specific.
Therefore, it is necessary to reiterate in the hiring criteria data in detail, such as, “regardless of gender,” “regardless of nationality,” “a certain level of academic ability (sophomore college or above, four-year college or above, etc.),” “still able to move 50 pounds of heavy books regularly after five years,” and so on.
So the hiring department will need to have in-depth meetings with the engineering team, not simply based on previous experience.

Discussion 5
I support PARiS.
Because if we have 1000 applicants for one opening, we need to sift through some of them.
I don't think all 1000 people will send the same resume, so resumes that don't fit the recruitment criteria should not be passed through. The recruiter should then carefully ponder the resumes.
Management should also take into account the opinions of people in the field. Neither resumes nor AI can tell us anything about a person's personality or work style, so even if the people on the frontline are not part of the selection process, they should be able to assess what kind of person would be best suited for the team. The opinions of people in the field should be considered at all times. In this regard, I think it is an excellent thing that AI and people will be involved in new ways of recruitment.
I would not contact an office (or company) just because I was not hired, and even if I were hired, I would be entering a position where the reputation of the company was built up before I even entered the office/ company as someone who was a "stiff" and it would be detrimental to my career. In our library, there are many people who try to get jobs by filing lawsuits. What if the job they get is not what they imagined? It makes it difficult for them to change jobs or express their opinions, and I can see a bad future for them. Almost everyone has to quit and apply to other companies, is not it? Nevertheless, I am skeptical that the fact that all of the librarians in our Asia Division have PhDs in their educational profiles may be reported to the public as transparent and unbiased information. But, that is a different story since it is not my section but not much. Ah, that is not my section; that is another story, but one would not want to make much of it. But that is not my section, so that is a different story, but it is certainly not a good situation for such a large company.
